README.md, before:

clean
=====

# Objective

The python script "clean" allow the user to clean directory off temporary files with its default behavior.
With anoter configuration, it can allow you to clean a working directory before committing.

The final goal is to provide multiple configurations to clean a directory the exact way you want it.

# Suggestion

The best way to use this script at its fullest is to place clean.py in a personnal bin directory.
For example, you can create a directory "bin" in your home and add it to the variable $PATH.
Then, place the binaries and script you want to execute them wherever you are.
You can of course rename clean.py to clean or another name you prefer.

# Important options

## Help

./clean -h or ./clean --help

Print basical informations to the user, with a summary of the available commands.

## Pattern

./clean -p PATTERN or ./clean --pattern PATTERN

Allow the user to search for one or more pattern, overridding the default patterns.
You can use this option multiple times. For example, this command imitate the normal behavior : "./clean.py -p '#*#' -p '*~'"

## Force

./clean -f or ./clean --force

Skip the prompt for all the files targeted.
Use this command with prudence, and verify that the command will not remove a file you want to keep.

## Recursive

./clean -r or ./clean --recursive

Make a recursion to clean every subdirectory found.
Usefull if your working directory is subdivised into multiple directories.

Commit message:

Added an option to change the pattern file
The (-c / --configuration) option allow to choose one or more file in which the programm will read the patterns to use.
These files must be in $HOME/.config/clean/ directory.

Fixed a bug with the patterns. Those including the begginning, such as "#*#" wasn't working, but it's fixed.

Modified the select_files function to accept a list of files.

Modified README.md to include informations about the new option.

README.md, after:

clean
=====

## Objective

The python script "clean" allow the user to clean directory off temporary files with its default behavior.
With anoter configuration, it can allow you to clean a working directory before committing.

The final goal is to provide multiple configurations to clean a directory the exact way you want it.

## Suggestion

The best way to use this script at its fullest is to place clean.py in a personnal bin directory.
For example, you can create a directory "bin" in your home and add it to the variable $PATH.
Then, place the binaries and script you want to execute them wherever you are.
You can of course rename clean.py to clean or another name you prefer.

## Important options

### Help

./clean.py -h or ./clean.py --help

Print basical informations to the user, with a summary of the available commands.

### Pattern

./clean.py -p PATTERN or ./clean.py --pattern PATTERN

Allow the user to search for one or more pattern, overridding the default patterns.
You can use this option multiple times. For example, this command imitate the normal behavior : "./clean.py -p '#*#' -p '*~'"

### Force

./clean.py -f or ./clean.py --force

Skip the prompt for all the files targeted.
Use this command with prudence, and verify that the command will not remove a file you want to keep.

### Recursive

./clean.py -r or ./clean.py --recursive

Make a recursion to clean every subdirectory found.
Usefull if your working directory is subdivised into multiple directories.

### Configuration

./clean.py -c CONFIGURATION or ./clean.py --configuration CONFIGURATION

Override the default behavior with the given configuration.
The argument for this option must be the name of the configuration placed in $HOME/.config/clean.
